# SouthernGrace
# Visual Studio Bros is our coding group, consisting of Drake Jones (sophomore), Caroline Hayes (junior), and David Steen (junior). We are students at Madison Academic Magnet Highschool. Throughout the project, we learned to work as one unit in harmony to complete a common goal. 
# Caroline Hayes
# As the group manager, I undertook the task of organizing our daily work, media, and take home work. I personally went to the store location and took professional photos of the dresses and models for the website. While coding, I learned basic javascript and CSS, while putting my HTML to work. I loved being in an environment where I could exercise creative freedom with help from my friends. I developed a strong interest in coding, and plan to take the Coding II course next year :). I coded the Homepage, About us page, and the Rental Info page.
# David Steen 
# While working on this project, I learned new things about myself, my interests, and my ability to work with others. When I experienced difficulties with my pages, my partners were always there to help me. While making the FAQ page, I struggled to customize the text boxes. After multiple trials and errors, I perfected the page. I coded the FAQ page as well as the contact us page. Figuring out how to link all of the websites was difficult, but in the end it paid off. This experience taught me to persevere, even when you are facing a discombobulated block of code.
# Drake Jones
# As I worked on this I struggled to get the images to fit into collumns and rows as I wanted them to look. Through trail and error I successfuly fit the code into collumns in rows and perfected the user view on the gallery page. This experience taught me that i shouldn't be afraid to ask others for advice and help. I wanted to make the images pop more but I couldn't find out how so I looked to my partners for help and they were able to find the hover div. that gave the images the look I wanted. While I have enjoyed this project I'm not quite sure yet if coding is an endeavor that I want to pursue.